+++
title = "a new site"
description = "a new start for some sort of thought-space on the web"

[taxonomies]
tags = ["thought"]
+++

The thought of blogging always intrigued me, the issue ends up being that I apparently don't really have many thoughts to blog. Is it me? Obviously, otherwise, who else can I blame? This then always leads me to, well _what_ would I blog about? What interests me? Technology and languages do, but do we really need yet _another_ tech blog on the internet?[^1] I think not. So then, what should I write about? Finances? Sure, that could be fun. Let's see -- prioritize tax-advantaged accounts, and once you've maxed those contributions, throw it all into index funds, preferably a simple two-fund (US and Bond) or three-fund (US, International, Bond) index fund portfolio. Maybe have a CD ladder for more liquid emergency stash. Damn, I think I'm out of non-qualified financial advice. Oh well.

Another issue is, I'm not really a writer. I guess I hit keys and words are formed, but I could save myself and everyone else the trouble and just have an LLM throw up some garbage and publish it. It may be more interesting, and the thought of accelerating our environmental disaster is enticing. I'll keep that in my back pocket. For now, I'll post interesting things that tripped me up, as most things tend to trip me up. Maybe it helps someone else, but to be honest, it's mostly so when I forget a solution and search for it (old-school style, no LLM needed), maybe my post will save me the trouble.

[^1]: Though maybe it's worth having yet another blog on tech, just like it's always beneficial to rewrite a solid, feature-complete tool in Rust. Because reasons.

